good hello as you can see here
we have the 13 minions of mcdonald's
that come with the three happy dates
Well, let's show it one by one
with all its sounds
good we started with the good million
wave
the race
well we continue with the million caveman
and
father
well we continue with the child on guard
herminio in soldier
do not
the Jurassic child
all right
Y
the Egyptian million
why
the million martial arts
the fireman boy
ah
the boy in ice cave
morning
the pirate million
yes no
for you
good and now let's show the three
main soap
do not
Kevin
na
and stuart the last
good here we have
the three mcdonald seeds is good
I hope you liked it